LSF Team.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: LSF Team
order: 4
---

<img src="https://github.com/rm4-25/lsf_3/blob/main/assets/elizabeth_cornick_headshot.jpg" alt="Elizabeth" style="width:250px;height:250px;">

**Elizabeth Cornick (she/her) - Digital Cartographer & Content Editor (Coconut Grove Soundcatcher)**

Elizabeth [(email)](mailto:emc988@miami.edu) is a PhD student in the Department of English at the University of Miami. Her research focuses on American studies, queer studies, and the digital humanities. Elizabeth was formerly a Digital Humanities Graduate Fellow at UM. As a fellow, she researched fictional representations of Miami to contribute to Dr. Allison Schifani’s project _Mapping Imaginary Miami_.

<img src="https://github.com/rm4-25/lsf_3/blob/main/assets/Raul_Headshot_2024.jpeg" alt="Raul" style="width:250px;height:250px;">

**Raul Martin IV (he/him) - GitHub Programmer (Westchester Soundcatcher)**

Raul [(email)](mailto:rxm1934@miami.edu) is a PhD student of English at the University of Miami. His research interests include environmental and animal studies, popular culture, speculative literature, and digital environmental humanities. His creative writing and scholarship have or will appear in _Art Studio INK, Pulse! Literary Magazine, Habits: The Good the Bad and the Ugly_, and _Gothic Nature Journal_. He is also working on a book chapter for a major publisher. 

**Prishanti Pathak (she/her) - South Miami Soundcatcher**

Prishanti [(email)](mailto:pxp691@miami.edu) is a PhD student in the English and Creative Writing Department at University of Miami. Her research interests are in border and migration studies, and women's literature. She has contributed to The Routledge Encyclopedia of Indian Writing In English (2023). She has also presented papers on border abolitionist visions in twenty-first century South-Asian literature and Caribbean literature at platforms like Society for Caribbean Studies, UK and West Indian Literature Conference.

<img src="https://github.com/rm4-25/lsf_3/blob/main/assets/Kathy_Headshot.jpg" alt="Kathy" style="width:250px;height:250px;">

**Kathy Rubio (she/her) - Project Lead & Grant Writer (Hollywood Soundcatcher)**

Kathy [(email)](mailto:kxr737@miami.edu) is a PhD student in the Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at University of Miami, specializing in Francophone sociolinguistics and cultural studies in France's Outre-mer. Kathy is the founder of a small travel and language learning company, and she is currently collaborating on a book project on tourism in the Caribbean.

**Soundcatcher Statements, Experiences, Reflections**

"The act of recording the intermittent chirp or crow amidst the bustling noise of regular human activity helped me realize that these two sounds are never competing, but that they are, in fact, creating a unified chorus. Now, I see listening itself as an opportunity to attune to completely new ways of being." - Raul 

---

Commit message:

Update LSF Team.md
Added markdown method for image to see if it fixes viewing.

LSF Team.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: LSF Team
order: 4
---

The LSF Team are doctoral students at the University of Miami departments of English and Creative Writing and Modern Languages and Literatures.

![Elizabeth Cornick Headshot](/assests/elizabeth_cornick_headshot.jpg)

<img src="https://github.com/rm4-25/lsf_3/blob/main/assets/elizabeth_cornick_headshot.jpg" alt="Elizabeth" style="width:250px;height:250px;">

**Elizabeth Cornick (she/her) - Digital Cartographer & Content Editor (Coconut Grove Soundcatcher)**

Elizabeth [(email)](mailto:emc988@miami.edu) is a PhD student in the Department of English at the University of Miami. Her research focuses on American studies, queer studies, and the digital humanities. Elizabeth was formerly a Digital Humanities Graduate Fellow at UM. As a fellow, she researched fictional representations of Miami to contribute to Dr. Allison Schifani’s project _Mapping Imaginary Miami_.

<img src="https://github.com/rm4-25/lsf_3/blob/main/assets/Raul_Headshot_2024.jpeg" alt="Raul" style="width:250px;height:250px;">

**Raul Martin IV (he/him) - GitHub Programmer (Westchester Soundcatcher)**

Raul [(email)](mailto:rxm1934@miami.edu) is a PhD student of English at the University of Miami. His research interests include environmental and animal studies, popular culture, speculative literature, and digital environmental humanities. His creative writing and scholarship have or will appear in _Art Studio INK, Pulse! Literary Magazine, Habits: The Good the Bad and the Ugly_, and _Gothic Nature Journal_. He is also working on a book chapter for a major publisher. 

**Prishanti Pathak (she/her) - South Miami Soundcatcher**

Prishanti [(email)](mailto:pxp691@miami.edu) is a PhD student in the English and Creative Writing Department at University of Miami. Her research interests are in border and migration studies, and women's literature. She has contributed to The Routledge Encyclopedia of Indian Writing In English (2023). She has also presented papers on border abolitionist visions in twenty-first century South-Asian literature and Caribbean literature at platforms like Society for Caribbean Studies, UK and West Indian Literature Conference.

<img src="https://github.com/rm4-25/lsf_3/blob/main/assets/Kathy_Headshot.jpg" alt="Kathy" style="width:250px;height:250px;">

**Kathy Rubio (she/her) - Project Lead & Grant Writer (Hollywood Soundcatcher)**

Kathy [(email)](mailto:kxr737@miami.edu) is a PhD student in the Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at University of Miami, specializing in Francophone sociolinguistics and cultural studies in France's Outre-mer. Kathy is the founder of a small travel and language learning company, and she is currently collaborating on a book project on tourism in the Caribbean.

**Soundcatcher Statements, Experiences, Reflections**

"The act of recording the intermittent chirp or crow amidst the bustling noise of regular human activity helped me realize that these two sounds are never competing, but that they are, in fact, creating a unified chorus. Now, I see listening itself as an opportunity to attune to completely new ways of being." - Raul 

---
